api/README.md, before:

# API Endpoint

GraphQL or RESTful API endpoint to be used by the front-end app.

## Directory Structure

`├──`[`dist`](./dist) — The compiled output<br>
`├──`[`global.d.ts`](./global.d.ts) — Global TypeScript declarations<br>
`├──`[`index.ts`](./index.tsx) — API entry point<br>
`├──`[`package.json`](./package.json) — The list of dependencies<br>
`├──`[`tsconfig.ts`](./tsconfig.json) — TypeScript configuration ([docs](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig))<br>
`├──`[`vite.config.ts`](./vite.config.ts) — JavaScript bundler configuration ([docs](https://vitejs.dev/config/))<br>
`└──`[`wrangler.toml`](./wrangler.toml) — Wrangler CLI configuration ([docs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/configuration/))<br>

## Getting Started

```
$ yarn workspace api build
$ yarn workspace api deploy [--env #0]
```

## Scripts

- `build` — Build the app for production
- `test` — Run unit tests
- `coverage` — Run unit tests with enabled coverage report
- `deploy [--env #0]` — Deploy the app to Cloudflare (CDN)

## References

- https://hono.dev/ — JavaScript framework for CDN edge endpoints
- https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/ — Cloudflare Workers docs
- https://www.typescriptlang.org/ — TypeScript reference
- https://vitejs.dev/ — Front-end tooling (bundler)
- https://vitest.dev/ — Unit test framework

Commit message:

feat(api): Add API endpoints (routes) (#2037)

api/README.md, after:

# API Endpoint

GraphQL or RESTful API endpoint to be used by the front-end app.

## Directory Structure

`├──`[`core`](./core) — Core application modules<br>
`├──`[`routes`](./routes) — API routes (endpoints)<br>
`├──`[`global.d.ts`](./global.d.ts) — Global TypeScript declarations<br>
`├──`[`index.ts`](./index.tsx) — Cloudflare Worker entry point<br>
`├──`[`package.json`](./package.json) — The list of dependencies<br>
`├──`[`tsconfig.ts`](./tsconfig.json) — TypeScript configuration ([docs](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig))<br>
`├──`[`vite.config.ts`](./vite.config.ts) — JavaScript bundler configuration ([docs](https://vitejs.dev/config/))<br>
`└──`[`wrangler.toml`](./wrangler.toml) — Wrangler CLI configuration ([docs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/configuration/))<br>

## Getting Started

Test the app locally using [Vitest](https://vitejs.dev/):

```
$ yarn workspace api test
```

Build and deploy the app by running:

```
$ yarn workspace api build
$ yarn workspace api deploy [--env #0]
```

Start a session to livestream logs from a deployed Worker:

```
$ yarn workspace api wrangler tail [--env #0]
```

Where `--env` is one of the supported environments, such as `--env=prod`, `--env=test` (default).

## Scripts

- `build` — Build the app for production
- `test` — Run unit tests
- `coverage` — Run unit tests with enabled coverage report
- `deploy [--env #0]` — Deploy the app to Cloudflare (CDN)
- `wrangler [--env #0]` — Wrangler CLI (wrapper)

## References

- https://hono.dev/ — JavaScript framework for CDN edge endpoints
- https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/ — Cloudflare Workers docs
- https://www.typescriptlang.org/ — TypeScript reference
- https://vitejs.dev/ — Front-end tooling (bundler)
- https://vitest.dev/ — Unit test framework
